Constance    Uh, a muffin, they go to whale park.
Shunem       Whale Park? What? Where is it?
Constance    Here.
Shunem       Here, go to D Park?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       Oh, so, did you go to Disneyland?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       When? Yesterday?
Constance    No, I celebrate Mommy and Rico's birthday.
Shunem       Mommy and Rico? What's Rico?
Constance    My Brother.
Shunem       Oh, Rico is your brother, OK, so today, because, you know, usually coach Shunem teaches you Taekwondo, but today I want to, let's play a game.
Shunem       And is it? I can't, I don't say it is a game.
Shunem       So today we're going to draw together, OK?
Constance    Draw what?
Shunem       I have some friends with these colored bear.
Shunem       Wow, it's full of colors.
Shunem       How many colors are there?
Shunem       Can you count?
Constance    1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8.
Shunem       OK, it is full of colors, right?
Constance    Yeah.
Shunem       OK so there is my pink, yellow, and like something like that.
Constance    And white.
Shunem       Do you remember?
Constance    Piglet and
Shunem       I didn't bring Piglet today.
Constance    Mr Seal?
Shunem       Yes, Mr. Seal, hello!
Constance    Why is not happy.
Shunem       He is not happy.
Shunem       Oh, because he is sleepy.
Shunem       Uh huh.
Shunem       I called him up too early today and we have capybara with us today.
Shunem       Have you heard of the song? Capybara.
Constance    I Rico, my brother has a capybara notebook.
Shunem       Really?
Constance    Yes, it is full of capybara.
Shunem       Really?
Shunem       OK, so let me put rainbow bear here.
Shunem       If you want to play with him, just go and we will put Mr. Seal here.
Shunem       Excuse me, sorry, I have some runny nose and capybara there, OK?
Shunem       So today we are going to we're going to draw something and I am going to draw with you together, OK?
Constance    This is not a rainbow.
Shunem       Yes, OK, then what is it?
Shunem       Let's draw together.
Shunem       What do you think this shape looks like?
Constance    It's a rainbow.
Shunem       Yes, but today we are not going to draw a rainbow, we're going to draw something else.
Shunem       So I have prepared as a box of colored pencils.
Shunem       Do you like drawing?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       Did you go somewhere to learn drawing?
Shunem       Do you have drawing lessons?
Constance    Yes, I can draw a Doraemon.
Shunem       Really? Oh, you have to show me later, OK?
Constance    But, but sorry I didn't bring the poster today is at home.
Shunem       It's OK, It's definitely fine.
Shunem       Is it close enough with you?
Constance    Mommy say cannot bring anything.
Shunem       Oh no.
Shunem       It's OK, It's OK.
Shunem       So, let me, let me try first I have a cup of iced chocolate milk.
Shunem       Then let me draw a hot chocolate milk.
Shunem       This will be the handle of my cup.
Shunem       Let's see, yes?
Shunem       This will be the handle of my cup.
Shunem       Then I will have a cup of hot chocolate milk here, a blue cup.
Shunem       What about you?
Shunem       What do you want to draw?
Shunem       Instead a rainbow.
Shunem       Don't draw a rainbow.
Constance    Why?
Shunem       Does it look like Does it look like a macaroni?
Shunem       Does it look like color colorful bears ears or it?
Shunem       Does it looks like a water tube?
Shunem       What does it look like?
Constance    It looks like Mommy's watch.
Shunem       Mommy's watch, really?
Shunem       Wow, is mommy's watch purple?
Constance    Yes
Shunem       Really, I like you use purple here.
Shunem       Purple is very sharp.
Shunem       Wow, let's draw more.
Shunem       I'm going to draw mine.
Constance    Why is the paint brush here?
Shunem       Here, oh the paint brush is here because to tickle you.
Constance    No.
Constance    And pink too.
Shunem       Really?
Shunem       What about you?
Shunem       Do you have a watch?
Constance    I have I have a Elsa watch, inside it has 10 Peppa Pig photo.
Shunem       Elsa Watch has 10 Peppa Pig.
Constance    Inside, inside the album.
Shunem       Really?
Constance    And it has all that.
Shunem       Oh, have you ever been to Frozen Land before?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       Did you play on the roller coaster?
Constance    Yeah, and then, and then the polar bear always scare me and then I always cry.
Shunem       Polar bear I don't, Marshmallow you mean. You mean marshmallow?
Shunem       The one say get out and you will drop down.
Constance    Yes, and then, and then I bang in the handle.
Shunem       Did you get hurt?
Constance    No.
Shunem       No, OK.
Constance    Is this black?
Shunem       I think that's grey.
Constance    Which color should I use instead?
Shunem       Any kind of colour, you can use any kind of colour.
Constance    I am gonna show mommy.
Shunem       You can.
Constance    Finish.
Shunem       Finish? who, OK so who are you going, if someone's going to put on this watch, who do you think is going to put on this watch?
Constance    Mummy.
Shunem       Mummy?
Constance    Because it's mummy's watch.
Shunem       It's mummy's watch.
Shunem       Would you like to add something like add something because there's so many space here.
Shunem       I think I'm going to put um I'm going to draw a cloud here.
Shunem       Wow.
Shunem       Does Mummy's Watch have numbers on it? I think watch has numbers on it.
Constance    No.
Shunem       Thank you. I, I really appreciate.
Shunem       Every time you finish to use, you finish using the colored pencils, you put it back into their houses.
Shunem       That's great.
Shunem       OK, so. Did have you had lunch yet?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       What did you have for lunch?
Constance    I have, I have noodles, I have noodles.
Shunem       Yes, anymore?
Constance    Um, no more.
Shunem       No more? Just noodles? What kind of noodles? Spaghetti? Pasta? Rice noodles?
Constance    Soup noodles.
Shunem       OK, so I had, I had, I had sandwiches.
Constance    Oh, haha.
Shunem       What do you think I should add on my cup? It looks so dull.
Constance    Some marshmallows.
Shunem       Marshmallows?
Shunem       What color should I use?
Shunem       I don't have white.
Shunem       What should I do?
Constance    Then Brown.
Shunem       Then brown.
Shunem       OK wow, Chocolate.
Shunem       Chocolate flavored marshmallows.
Constance    OK.
Shunem       wow, you like drinking chocolate?
Constance    Yes, I always get a hot chocolate on, in Christmas.
Shunem       Christmas, wow, when's your birthday? I forgot.
Constance    In February of 13th.
Shunem       OK, so what about the cup?
Constance    What's this?
Shunem       That's hot. It means that's the steam of the hot chocolate. Something like that.
Shunem       OK Would you? OK, so I still have some friends I haven't introduced yet. I have Lotso with me today, I have chicken, that's capybara
Constance    What?
Shunem       Yes, this is capybara chicken, capybara chicken, chicken capybara
Shunem       So, one more, I have little sheep with me today as well
Shunem       So if you're going to choose one friend to put on this watch, who do you think but to give the watch to?
Constance    The, the bear
Shunem       Lotso? this one, little sheep, why?
Constance    Because the big watch is too big for them
Shunem       Is too big for them
Shunem       Can you draw the two sheep here as well?
Shunem       You can follow.
Shunem       You can draw the little sheep out next to it, put it here, or it's OK.
Shunem       If you don't want to, it's OK.
Shunem       I'll put the two sheep here.
Shunem       Now for extra decorations, one second, I also prepared other kinds of stuff.
Constance    The coffee.
Shunem       Yes, but the stickers they ran away.
Shunem       I also have some, OK and have some eyes.
Shunem       These are cars because some I, I, I really, you're very creative. You draw watch art, I really appreciate that and I have some animals with me today and some shells, balloons, whales.
Shunem       Would you like to put some next to the drawings?
Constance    Yes, I want to decorate my watch?
Shunem       OK, decorate it.
Shunem       But let me help you.
Shunem       What are these?
Constance    These are diamonds.
Shunem       Diamonds. These are fruits like.
Shunem       Which one do you?
Constance    I want to put a popsicle.
Shunem       Take your time.
Shunem       No rush.
Shunem       Wow.
Shunem       If you still want to draw something? Then keep on using those color pencils, take your time.
Constance    I want to put so many popsicles,
Shunem       OK
Constance    and mommy will be very surprised.
Shunem       Why? she likes popsicles?
Constance    Yeah, she loves these
Shunem       Juice flavors Popsicles?
Constance    Yes, she likes these.
Shunem       You need a picture to mommy, take a picture and send it to her.
Shunem       There are popsicles everywhere.
Constance    I finish, I think there's enough, enough to surprise.
Shunem       Enough to surprise, see, you can touch these popsicles. They're, they're hard, right?
Shunem       What about animals do you want animals as well?
Constance    Yea.
Shunem       It's OK.
Shunem       You can choose.
Shunem       You can.
Shunem       You can stick it in other places.
Shunem       Where do you think the watch is going to be?
Constance    Umm, at home.
Shunem       At home? Would you like to draw your home here?
Constance    Oh, no need, because it's because it's a secret.
Shunem       OK, Put some seashells on a blue cup.
Constance    Oh yes, I almost forget.
Shunem       What? What?
Shunem       Oh, you want to put seashells too?
Shunem       Let me put some flowers on my cup.
Shunem       Take your time.
Shunem       Take your time.
Constance    Ouch.
Shunem       It's too hard.
Shunem       What are you drawing?
Constance    I want to make something silly.
Shunem       No, that's not silly.
Shunem       That's very creative, and adorable.
Shunem       That's a great idea.
Shunem       What are these?
Shunem       Are these wings?
Shunem       What is this, watermelon?
Constance    No, I want to make.
Constance    I want to make more bells.
Shunem       Belt? this is a belt?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       Oh, I see, you need more.
Shunem       You can continue to.
Shunem       Oh, there is.
Shunem       What is this?
Shunem       Is this a dog or is this a?
Constance    A bear
Shunem       A bear, it's a bear
Constance    It's crazy.
Shunem       We still have cats, dogs, bunnies, you choose any kinds of animals.
Shunem       Oh my hot chocolate looks so dull.
Shunem       What do you think I should add on the picture?
Constance    Add some colour.
Shunem       Can you help me? Need to add something?
Constance    Yes, and then it will be more cold.
Shunem       OK
Shunem       Wow, that's great.
Shunem       You said you'd like to drink hot chocolate.
Shunem       Let me draw you.
Shunem       I'm gonna draw you here.
Shunem       Right here.
Shunem       Constance, Constance has bangs.
Shunem       Did you play Easter game, Easter egg treasure hunt games, with your brother?
Shunem       Oh, you have you have chip and dale hat, look with you today. That's so cute.
Shunem       So this is Constance.
Constance    Yeah, of course, because Chip and Dale is my friend.
Shunem       Oh, Chip and Dale is your friend.
Shunem       Who do you like more, Chip and Dale?
Constance    Chip and Dale, yes.
Shunem       Purple clothes with you today.
Shunem       Alright, you have purple.
Shunem       Oh, this is my little pony.
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       Who's your favorite character?
Shunem       Does it look like you? No?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       Oh. Can you help me?
Constance    I want to draw my mommy.
Shunem       OK, draw it.
Constance    Let me use black.
Shunem       You know, sometimes when we have lessons, I enjoy hearing you sharing your stories with mommy, with your brother, with daddy, I enjoy hearing.
Shunem       But sometimes, you know, we have too many children.
Shunem       We have too many students and kids.
Shunem       So I'm not hear very often.
Constance    Then you need, then you're very busy because you listen any people?
Shunem       Every, listen to that.
Shunem       That you're going to your brother's primary school, is it?
Constance    Yeah.
Shunem       Where is it? Tsuen Wan? or?
Constance    Tsuen Wan Wan.
Constance    Let's make us fruit.
Shunem       What do you like, do you like macaroni? I thought you would draw macaroni.
Shunem       I like how you relate,
Shunem       You connect your picture with your family members.
Shunem       It's cute.
Constance    Like this.
Shunem       This is Tommy?
Constance    Yes.
Shunem       OK. Would you like to put your name on the picture?
Constance    Oh yeah, I've almost forget.
Shunem       it's OK.
Shunem       So this is not a rainbow instead.
Shunem       This is. What is it? This is, Did you put it under?
Shunem       This is, This is our watch. OK?
Shunem       This is Mommy's watch.
Shunem       Thank you.
Shunem       I like your picture.
Constance    So it's full of sparkle.
Shunem       Wait, I smell something.
Shunem       It's full of popsicles.
Shunem       There's all the fruit flavor.
Shunem       There is lemon flavor, there's Jelly flavor.
Shunem       There's, there's strawberries and watermelons flavor.
Constance    It is a peach.
Shunem       It is a peach, oh yes, not a strawberry.
Constance    Orange and Kiwi.
Shunem       Orange and Kiwi.
Constance    Strawberry.
Shunem       You know a lot of fruit names.
Constance    But I do don't like to eat watermelon.
Shunem       Why? I thought children likes to eat watermelon?
Constance    And pineapple.
Shunem       Yes, pineapple.
Shunem       Why don't you like watermelon?
Constance    Because watermelon is, no watermelon smell is bad.
Shunem       Watermelon smells bad. I see. I see.
Constance    What's that?
Shunem       It's OK, I just dropped my sticker.
Shunem       OK, so if you are going to share the picture to someone you like who do you want to share the picture?
Constance    Mommy and daddy.
Shunem       OK, That's great.
Shunem       Wow.
Shunem       Thank you for drawing with me today.
Shunem       I'm really happy with it.
Shunem       Hey, I like your picture.
Shunem       This is Mommy.
Shunem       What about Daddy?
Shunem       And is it is your brother's name, Robbie, Robin, Rico?
Constance    Rico.
Shunem       Sorry, Rico.
Shunem       How to spell, R I C C O?
Constance    R I C O.
Shunem       Oh R I C O, OK, so what about Daddy and Rico?
Constance    Actually Daddy have a phone, but we don't draw a phone today.
Shunem       Oh, it's OK if you want to, but maybe next time.
Shunem       OK, so thank you.
Shunem       OK, do can you help me to put the color pencils into their houses?
Constance    What are we going to do next?
Shunem       What are we going to do next?
Shunem       It's OK, we have finished drawing.
Shunem       Do you want to talk with me or do you want to sing with me or play games with me?
Constance    Play games with.
Shunem       What kind of games do you want to play?
Constance    What game do you have?
Shunem       Maybe OK, I have, I have a game. But it's called chasing.
Shunem       OK, so during Taekwondo glass, we have mouse and cat, right?
Shunem       So here we can play mouse and cat on paper.
Constance    Mouse and cat!
Shunem       Yes, mouse and cat on paper.
Shunem       Oh, it's OK.
Shunem       I can use my.
Shunem       Let me help you to.
Shunem       Let's put here like a blanket.
Shunem       It's OK.
Shunem       Just put it.
Shunem       Just put it there.
Shunem       It's OK.
Shunem       So we're going to play mouse and cat.
Shunem       Choose your most favorite color.
Constance    Let's choose this blue.
Constance    Actually, we cannot chase in here because it's a restaurant.
Shunem       Yes, it's a cafe.
Shunem       Wait one second, let me put.
Constance    You finish it, you finish it?
Shunem       Oh, that's so sweet.
Shunem       OK, so blue. Then I will choose orange.
Shunem       Now you are going to chase me.
Shunem       So ready?
Shunem       You're going to draw a lot of stuff, but you need to chase my chase my color pencil.
Shunem       OK, only one, one, this one, the other hand you need to press the paper here 321.
Shunem       You need to chase me.
Shunem       You need to chase me.
Shunem       Chase me.
Shunem       Yes, my turn.
Shunem       This time my turn.
Shunem       Ready.
Shunem       OK, what about another color?
Constance    OK.
Constance    Purple
Shunem       OK, Then I will choose green, ready?
Shunem       OK, my turn, my turn to chase you 321.
Constance    Go bye bye, bye bye.
Shunem       Your turn, your turn, your turn.
Constance    3 2 1.
Constance    I get you, I get you.
Shunem       OK, so what do you think this looks like?
Constance    This look like.
Shunem       I think it looks like a rope, A long rope, jumping rope.
Shunem       What about you?
Shunem       What do you think it looks like?
Constance    It, It is a long slide.
Shunem       A long slide.
Shunem       Oh, that's very creative.
Shunem       It's, it's are there?
Shunem       How many slides are there uncountable?
Constance    1 2 3 4 5, I think all together is a lot.
Shunem       All together, then, that's a very big park.
Shunem       So which park do you like to go to with daddy and mommy the most? Where?
Constance    D park.
Shunem       D park? Just D park with slide.
Shunem       Just D park with slide?
Shunem       Yeah, yeah, very long one, oh OK.
Shunem       So thank you.
Shunem       Would you like to, would you like to draw some kids here, who are having the slide.
Shunem       OK, I'll ask. I will tell Mommy to come to pick you up.
Constance    So fast, I want mommy to buy a muffin for me.
Shunem       You want her to buy a muffin for you? She's coming.
Shunem       Thank you for drawing with me today.
Shunem       Let's wait, I have WhatsApp her already.