Shunem Good morning, Gareth! I hope you're ready for a fun day. We were supposed to have taekwondo class, but today we're going to have a creative drawing session instead. Here's your drawing paper and here's mine. Let's get started!
Gareth Good morning, Shunem! I'm excited to draw. What are we going to draw today?
Shunem Well, what do you think this shape looks like? To me, it resembles a rainbow, but today, we're going to draw something different. Do you remember Mr. Seal from our last class?
Gareth Hello, Mr. Seal! I remember him. He's so funny.
Shunem Good morning, Gareth! Today, we also have Colorful Bear and a new friend named Bubble. Bubble likes to sneeze. Now, back to the shape. It could represent a building or even Colorful Bear's ears. If I draw a big circle under it, it could look like Mr. Seal's hand. Let's see what we can create.
Gareth It could be a building or even a cup. I want to draw a cup of coffee.
Shunem Coffee? Interesting choice. Are you thinking of a place like Starbucks? Alright, let's draw coffee. I'm going to draw a cup of hot chocolate with a handle. I'll add some chocolate inside. What about you?
Gareth I'll draw a cup of coffee. I'll use these crayons and stickers to decorate it.
Shunem That sounds fantastic. You can use any color you want. I'm curious, why did you choose orange for your coffee?
Gareth I just like the color orange. It makes my coffee look special.
Shunem That's a great reason! You know, I also brought some car stickers. I thought you might like to add them to your drawing.
Gareth Oh, I love cars! I'll put a car on my cup. It'll make my coffee even more unique.
Shunem That's a very creative idea. I'm impressed. Did you see any blossom flowers in Tokyo during your trip?
Gareth Yes, I did! They were beautiful and pink. I also went to Osaka, but it was raining there.
Shunem Oh, I've never been to Tokyo or Osaka. What was it like?
Gareth It was exciting! I played on fast rides, and my mom and dad shouted. I didn't shout though.
Shunem That sounds like so much fun. I've been to Disneyland once. Have you been there?
Gareth Yes, I have! I played on the splash ride and got wet. My dad's eyelashes got wet too.
Shunem That must have been hilarious. I want to go to Disney Sea someday. I heard there are a lot of Duffy and friends there.
Gareth I know Duffy! But my mom didn't buy me one because I'm not at Disneyland.
Shunem Speaking of food, I'm drawing a cup of hot chocolate next to some flowers. What's your favorite food?
Gareth I love chicken wings and hamburgers. Oh, and ice cream!
Shunem Yum, those all sound delicious. I'm adding some fried chicken next to my cup. What else would you like to draw?
Gareth I want to put a straw in my coffee and add some stickers. And maybe even a robot!
Shunem A robot? That's a cool idea. I'll draw a robot next to my cup too.
Gareth I think my coffee is going to be the best-looking one ever.
Shunem I have no doubt about that. Keep up the great work.
Gareth Shunem, can we play a game after we finish drawing?
Shunem Of course! What game would you like to play?
Gareth Let's play mouse and cat on paper. I'll be the cat, and you can be the mouse.
Shunem Sounds fun! I'll count down, and then you can chase me with your color pencil.
Gareth Okay, let's do it!
Shunem Ready? 3… 2… 1… Go!
Gareth I'm chasing you, mouse!
Shunem Oh no, the cat is catching me. Wait, what does this drawing look like to you?
Gareth It looks like a head and a beak. Maybe it's a goose.
Shunem Hmm, interesting. I think it looks like a train. It reminds me of the trains in Tokyo.
Gareth I remember seeing trains there. It was so cool.
Shunem Our time is almost up for today. I think we've had a fantastic drawing session.
Gareth Me too! I had so much fun.
Shunem Great job, Gareth. I'm proud of what you've created today.
Gareth Thank you, Shunem! Can we draw again tomorrow?
Shunem I'd love to. Keep practicing, and you'll become an even better artist.
Gareth Bye
Shunem Goodbye, Gareth! Until next time.