Shunem	Tansy, Today let’s try to speak in English.
Shunem	Do you think you can do it? Yes or no?
Shunem	Let’s high five first. Yeah 
Shunem	So today we are going to draw
Shunem	Take out our drawing paper first. Jang Jang.
Shunem	This is for you and I am going to draw together.
Shunem	So Tansy good morning, so what do we think is this? What do you think this is?
Shunem	It looks like a 
Tansy	Rainbow
Shunem	These are your colour pencils that you can choose
Shunem	OK, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
Shunem	We have not start yet, later, one more second cause I have a lot of stuff, a lot of different colors, different colors pencils to you.
Shunem	Besides of this, you can also choose different stickers to decorate them OK, to decorate them.
Shunem	Wow, what is this?
Tansy	Whale.
Shunem	Whale. Yes, this is a whale.
Shunem	What about this one? This pink one?
Tansy	Dolphin.
Shunem	Yes, it's a dolphin, very good.
Shunem	You know a lot of animals, you can also choose to put some cars and even…wait! What is this? Eyes, OK, later.
Shunem	Do you want to use them? You can use any kind of stuff you want.
Shunem	So let's have a look with this one, what is this?
Shunem	It looks like a 
Tansy	Rainbow.
Shunem	Yes, it looks like a rainbow, but today we are not going to draw a rainbow. Besides of a rainbow, it also looks like da-da! It looks like little sheep's ears.
Shunem	It also looks like a macaroni, right? Do you like macaroni?
Shunem	It also look like capybara's nose, oink.
Shunem	Capybara's nose.
Shunem	You can draw anything you want. OK? So let me try first.
Shunem	So I think, wait, let me put the stickers next to us
Shunem	I think this is a cup. It looks like a cup handle.
Shunem	heeet, heeet.
Shunem	It looks like a cup handle. I like to drink chocolate milk. And I will draw some chocolate. Hahaha, it looks like a cup handle to me.
Shunem	I like blue. Blue is my favorite color. Tansy, what is your Favorite color?
Tansy	Pink
Shunem	Pink! Oh I see. OK, what do you want to draw?
Tansy	I want yellow.
Shunem	OK, pick your, pick your colored pencils, you can use any colors you like! Da-da!
Shunem	Oh, you use Yellow, ok go! You can draw anything you like.
Shunem	Wow.
Shunem	What is this ? Is this a banana? Ahhhh
Shunem	Wow. I will draw mine as well.
Shunem	Tansy, do you love to drink chocolate milk? Yes?
Shunem	You can choose any colour you like, any colour you like.
Shunem	Oh, purple. What are you going to draw this time?
Shunem	You can do, go go go, it's OK.
Shunem	Oh, you want to use your left hand? OK!
Shunem	Oh, you like left hand? Da-da.
Shunem	What is it?
Shunem	Do you want to draw some animals from the stickers?
Tansy	Yes
Shunem	OK, which, sorry, which animal do you like the most?
Shunem	We have jellyfish, the Blue Whale, the pink dolphin or you want this one?
Tansy	This one.
Shunem	This one ah, OK, which one do you want to put in your, in your drawing?
Shunem	Just pick any one, any.
Shunem	OK, what is this? I think it's a little puppy, right?
Shunem	Dan-dan! OK, where do you want to stick in your picture? OK, go.
Shunem	Wow. Does the puppy have a name? A name?
Shunem	OK, So what else do you want to put in your picture? Do you put some cars?
Shunem	Or even put some ice there, put ice, look at you.
Shunem	Which one? Anything you want to put there?
Tansy	This.
Shunem	OK, let me try. So is this a bridge?
Tansy	Yes.
Shunem	You can draw a bridge first, let me help you, draw a bridge on, you can draw a bridge on the rainbow.
Shunem	Wow. I think you like purple more than pink - you keep on using purple colours.
Shunem	You want to put some cars on the bridge?
Shunem	Which one? Which car do you like the most?
Shunem	What colour is this car?
Tansy	Blue.
Shunem	Blue, ah, very good.
Shunem	OK, then put it on the bridge. Any more cars on the bridge? Anymore?
Shunem	I think there needs to be a stop like red light, green light.
Shunem	Or a bus, the wheels on the bus go round and round.
Shunem	Have you ever heard of this song before? Hahaha,
Shunem	Which one? This one? This one? this one. OK, go.
Shunem	Vroom vroom vroom vroom vroom, boot boot!
Shunem	Wow. OK, so any other any other stickers you want to add or any other colors?
Shunem	Eyes! OK, you want to put eyes. One eye or two eyes? 
Tansy	Two eyes
Shunem	Two eyes. OK, see.
Shunem	Aiya, it's difficult to get the eyes out.
Shunem	Da-da! Two eyes.
Shunem	OK, here? Where? Where to put?
Shunem	OK, so we need to, I think we need, it's a sticker so we need to try to stick it.
Shunem	Wait one second, aiya, it's so difficult to.
Shunem	Wait, you can use the colour pencils first. Let me help you later.
Shunem	I mean any colours you want to draw? Maybe green? Blue?
Shunem	You can also draw on the sticker.
Shunem	So difficult. Maybe you can put there first.
Shunem	Let me think, let me think how to how can I, how can I, how can I take it over?
Shunem	Maybe you can just put here first, put the eyes
Shunem	Where are you doing to put the eyes?
Shunem	It's OK, you put it right here first.
Shunem	I'll get you a glue.
Shunem	OK, any more cars on the bridge or you want traffic lights?
Tansy	I want traffic lights.
Shunem	OK. You want traffic lights?
Shunem	Which traffic light do you like the most?
Shunem	This one? OK. so there are cars there. They, they could, which one red light, green light. On the left side or the right side?
Tansy	Right side.
Shunem	Right side, OK, great.
Shunem	Don't you draw more cars or are there any people on the bridge?
Shunem	You can draw some people or animals on the bridge.
Shunem	Are these grasses?
Tansy	Yes.
Shunem	Wow, what about flowers? Are there any flowers on the grass?
Shunem	Any more colours you like? keep on drawing.
Shunem	What about shells? Do you want to put shells? Maybe do you want to draw a sea under the bridge?
Shunem	Then you can put some fish into the sea.
Shunem	That's very creative. Do you want to put some goldfish? One second. Da-da!
Shunem	What kind of?
Shunem	A whale or a sea star, a twinkle twinkle little star. Or a whale.
Tansy	A whale.
Shunem	Ok, let me help you get that, da-da, wait one second.
Shunem	And we got Whales. Wooo.
Shunem	OK. Where do you want it to be??
Shunem	Tansy, do you like Animals? What is your favorite animal?
Shunem	You can choose from here.
Shunem	Wait, what is this? You wanted the shell or the balloon?
Tansy	Balloon.
Shunem	Balloon, OK. Where do you want to put the balloon? Here? OK.
Shunem	Hey, you can, you can continue, you can keep on draw anything you like. Later we're going to put our name next to the.
Shunem	Why do you use blue colour because it is the sea?
Tansy	Yes.
Shunem	Ah I see. It's very creative. OK, so we still have something to add. Let me show you this one.
Shunem	Do you notice this? It's capybara. And it can also be a chicken, kok kok kok. so we can.
Shunem	Draw more than one animals.
Shunem	OK, so da-da! Last but not least, do you want to draw some glue?
Shunem	Some glue, use some glittery glue. OK, so let me show you.
Shunem	Let me show you, let me show you how to use this. Ok, so I get my chocolate milk.
And I have, my cup is in blue color, right?
Shunem	And I can put it here da-da, da-da, da-da. And it is all blue now.
Shunem	Wow, there are little stars inside the cup, very, very glittery like that.
Shunem	Do you want, do you want to put some glue on your picture?
Tansy	Yellow.
Shunem	You want me to help you?
Shunem	Let me continue to draw my, my chocolate milk.
Shunem	Tansy, what do you think should I put inside my chocolate milk? Marshmallows or ?
Shunem	Let me help you. It goes like that.
Shunem	You might have to, you might have to use a little bit more energy on it like that, beeeeeep, like that.
Shunem	What are these? Are these stars?
Shunem	What are these? Any more color you want to use?
Shunem	Which one? Which color?
Tansy	Pink
Shunem	This time we can try to pull it, from the upside, pull it, pull it.
Shunem	Yes, very good. OK, cool. OK.
Shunem	You want to.. so I think you can try to stick the eyes.
Shunem	Where do you want to put the eyes on, It's OK, we just put it.
Shunem	Where do you want to put your eyes? But I think, I think we cannot, I think it's not a sticker.
Shunem	We have to just put it over there. Yeah, here.
Shunem	OK. Cute. Any more colours you want to add? OK, again, pull it.
Shunem	Pull it. Pull. Good job, you have to push eeeek, a little bit harder.
Shunem	A little bit harder. A little bit harder, like that eeeeek.
Shunem	Yes, OK, you want to put it back inside? 
Shunem	OK, Any more colors you want to add on it? Or you can there's still some space here, right?
Shunem	Do you want to draw some clouds? Or a sun or a tree?
Shunem	Or you want to use stickers? Which one do you want?
Shunem	You want to continue to use some orange glue, here.
Shunem	Let me show you mine.
Shunem	Here. Yours. Thank you. Ok.
Shunem	Any more colours?
Shunem	Can you help me draw something on my picture?
Shunem	Who should I draw here?
Shunem	What do you want to put inside the chocolate milk?
Shunem	Candy? Ice?
Shunem	Tansy, do you know how to spell your name? You want to put your name here?
Shunem	OK, you want to use this one to write your name to the name line.
Shunem	You know how to spell your name?
Shunem	OK, be careful.
Mummy	She pretends writing.
Shunem	Would you have to put color pencils back into their home? Yes. Thank you.
Shunem	You have to go home now. Say bye bye.
Tansy	Bye bye.
Shunem	Thank you, I think we have four more. Thank you. Thank you very much.
Shunem	What about this one? Wow. Thank you. Last one.
Shunem	Tansy say bye bye to color pencils.
Tansy	Bye bye.
Shunem	Ok, so do you want to try to, try to write.
Shunem	It's OK, I'm going to pick it up.